content/2_for-writers/30-plugins.md, before:

# Plugins

As of version 1.1.0, TYPEMILL supports plugins. Right now all plugins are delivered with TYPEMILL by default. But as the number of plugins grows, there will probably be a central place to download and install the plugins in the future.

For now, you can simply activate and setup the plugins in the TYPEMILL setup. If you want to change the settings for the plugins after the setup, then you can edit everything in the file `/settings/settings.yaml`.

Plugins are right now:

* **Cookie Consent**: This plugin adds a cookie consent banner to your website. You can change the colors and the text in the plugin-settings.
* **Analytics**: This plugin adds an analytics-script for Matomo (Piwik) and Google Analytics.
* **Disqus**: This plugin adds the comment system discuss to your content pages. It does not add the script to folder-pages, but only to real content pages.

You can always activate and deactivate a plugin. But you can also delete a plugin from the plugin-folder, if you care about your webspace.

Plugins have versions. If a plugin is outdated, then it is visible in the TYPEMILL setup. This is not too helpful right now because you can only visit the public setup page one time. But in near future, you will have access to the setup in the admin area with a login.

Commit message:

Version 1.0.4 optimized author panel and refactoring

content/2_for-writers/30-plugins.md, after:

# Plugins

As of version 1.1.0, TYPEMILL supports plugins. You can activate and configure all plugins in the author panel of TYPEMILL. You will see a small update banner if there exists a new version of the plugin.

To update a plugin, simply go to the plugin folder of TYPEMILL, delete the plugin and upload the new version of the plugin. Then check the plugin configuration in the settings of the author panel. 

Right now all plugins are delivered with the core version of TYPEMILL. But as the number of plugins grows, there will probably be a central place to download and install the plugins in the future.

The core version ships with two plugins:

* **Cookie Consent**: This plugin adds a cookie consent banner to your website. You can change the colors and the text in the plugin-settings.
* **Analytics**: This plugin adds an analytics-script for Matomo (Piwik) and Google Analytics.

If you are a developer and if you want to create your own plugins, please refer to the [plugin documentation](/plugin-developers).
