content/0_typemill/03-features.md, before:

# Features

TYPEMILL has a limited set of features right now. It transforms a bunch of **markdown files** into a **website** and generates a list of contents for **navigation**. 

This is what you can **do with TYPEMILL**:

- Create a website content with simple folders and files (markdown).
- Use an author panel to configure your site, choose themes and activate plugins.
- Create your own theme with HTML, CSS and Twig (a template language for PHP).
- Create your own plugins.

This is, what **TYPEMILL does** for you:

- It creates a website based on your folders and files.
- It generates a navigation according to the structure of your folders and files.
- It adds a paging.
- It adds a breadcrumb.
- It adds hierarchic numbers to your chapters and pages.
- It makes everything responsive for mobile devices.

Right now there is no content editor, so you have to create and edit your content offline with a markdown editor and upload the files with an FTP software. 

But a content editor will follow soon and we have a great roadmap for TYPEMILL.

Commit message:

Version 1.0.4 optimized author panel and refactoring

content/0_typemill/03-features.md, after:

# Features

TYPEMILL has a limited set of features right now. It transforms a bunch of **markdown files** into a **website** and generates a list of contents for **navigation**. 

This is what you can **do with TYPEMILL**:

- Create a website with simple files and folders.
- Use markdown for your content files.
- Use an admin panel to configure your site.
- Choose themes and activate plugins.
- Create your own theme with HTML, CSS and Twig (a template language for PHP).
- Create your own plugins with PHP.

This is, what **TYPEMILL does** for you:

- It creates a website based on your files and folders.
- It generates a navigation according to the structure of your files and folders.
- It adds a paging for navigation.
- It adds a breadcrumb for navigation.
- It adds hierarchic numbers to your chapters and pages.
- It generates a google sitemap, a last modified date and much more.

Right now there is no content editor, so you have to create and edit your content offline with your favourite markdown editor (e.g. Typora) and upload the files with an FTP software. But a content editor will follow soon and we have a great roadmap for TYPEMILL.
