content/0_typemill/09-roadmap.md, before:

# Roadmap

There are a lot of plans for future releases of TYPEMILL, but it also follows the concept of simplicity. To prevent TYPEMILL from becomming a feature soup, it will strictly focus on the writers needs. 

Here are some **milestones** of the past:

- Introduction of TYPEMILL version 1.0.0
- Added a google sitemap with version 1.0.1
- Added a table of contents tag (TOC) with version 1.0.5
- Introduced plugins with version 1.1.0
- Added an author panel for configurations with version 1.1.3
- Added math support (mathjax/katex) with version 1.1.5 

And here is the **roadmap** for this year (2018):

- Add a basic markdown editor to manage your content online.
- Add an Image- and media-management.
- Add an advanced WYSIWYG markdown editor for a great writers experience.
- Create additional output formats like mobi, epub and pdf.
- Create a clean API.
- More themes for special publications like documentations, books or lyrics.
- Create many useful plugins.

If you miss a feature or if you found a bug, please report it on [GitHub](https://github.com/trendschau/typemill).

Commit message:

Version 1.2.0 Introducing a Basic Content Editor

content/0_typemill/09-roadmap.md, after:

# Roadmap

There are a lot of plans for future releases of TYPEMILL, but it also follows the concept of simplicity. To prevent TYPEMILL from becomming a feature soup, it will strictly focus on the writers needs. 

Here are some **milestones** of the past:

- Introduction of TYPEMILL (v. 1.0.0)
- Added a google sitemap (v. 1.0.1)
- Added a table of contents tag (TOC) (v. 1.0.5)
- Introduced plugins (v. 1.1.0)
- Added an author panel for configurations (v. 1.1.3)
- Added math support (mathjax/katex) (v. 1.1.5) 
- Added a basic content editor to change existing pages (v. 1.2.0)

And here is the **roadmap** for this year (2018):

- Editor: Delete content / pages (v. 1.2.1)
- Editor: Create new pages (v. 1.2.2)
- Editor: Move pages (v. 1.2.2)
- Editor: Save as draft or publish live (v. 1.2.3)
- Editor: Edit meta-information (v. 1.2.4)
- Editor: Markdown and HTML-preview (v. 1.2.5)
- Editor: Manage images and assets (v. 1.3.0)
- Editor: Add formatting options (v. 1.3.0)
- Editor: Create a solution for direct preview or WYSIWYG (1.3.0)
- Editor: Create the best author- and writing experience you have ever seen (1.4.0)

Other features with lower prio: 

- Create additional output formats like mobi, epub and pdf.
- Create a clean API.
- More themes for special publications like documentations, books or lyrics.
- Create many useful plugins.

If you miss a feature or if you found a bug, please report it on [GitHub](https://github.com/trendschau/typemill).
